[Music]
spider silk with the scent of a female
he just needs to follow it wherever it
leads him
[Music]
other males have gone on the same quest
and have come to a grisly end
[Music]
here's a female and she doesn't look
very amorous
in fact she kills every male who doesn't
match up to her expectations what can he
do to win her over
[Music]
dance dance for his life he will need a
show-stopping trick to avoid becoming
lunch
[Music]
with his fan unfurled he begins an ever
more complicated series of dance moves
to try and seduce her
[Music]
at last she succumbs to his advances and
allows him to mate with her
[Music]
he matched her expectations
but she kills him anyway so that is how
it should be done jr. returns to his own
Bower and tries to improve things that
should probably go just here
[Music]
oh maybe yeah perhaps she was right in
the first place he just can't make up
his mind this could take some time
[Music]
and it's not just about building the
Masters power has something that juniors
lacks completely blue decorations really
please a female and the master has gone
to town
[Music]
Junior takes a closer look what will a
master make of his visitor
[Music]
rather than drive him away the master
has other intentions duction juvenile
males are almost identical to females so
the master grabs the opportunity to
practice his courtship display on him
[Music]
Juna doesn't know what to do next so the
exits the youngsters bother with the
breeding season clothes adult males grow
increasingly intolerant of juveniles oh
[Music]
dear there's virtually nothing left
Jr will just have to start all over
again
[Music]
once a mother commits herself she
commits ofoh and there will be nothing
she can do to help it
the current is so strong it carries them
downstream through the territory of
ill-tempered hippos
and towards the rapids
[Music]
the decision to cross here has proved to
be a good one but only just
[Music]
a young fox on these barren wastes may
have to travel a hundred kilometers a
day searching for food
scratching for scraps and scavenging
from others it's a meager existence and
the worst of the winter is still to come
by midwinter temperatures dropped to
minus 50 degrees Celsius and deep snow
makes scavenging nearly impossible
[Music]
but a faint sound beneath the snow maybe
this fox is salvation' lemmings it's
time to become a hunter but catching
what you can't see is not easy it's hard
to judge the leap and the depth of the
snow
[Music]
too deep and you get stuck too shallow
and it can be rather painful it's going
to take time but mastering lemming
hunting is vital if a young fox is to
make it through the winter
[Music]
at last this fox is on his way
but if he is to survive until spring
he'll need to make a catch like this
every couple of days so many females
gathered together on this cliff
inevitably attract the attention of a
rival adult male his aim is to defeat
Scarface and take over his females he
leads a group of outcast bachelors into
battle
Scarface spots them he has everything to
lose because if the bachelors defeat him
they won't just take his females they
will kill his babies the bachelors tried
to reach the high ground to launch their
attack Scarface warns them to keep their
distance but the bachelors continue
their advance
[Music]
Scarface grinds his teeth to show him
his business but the bachelor leader
reaches the cliff top and grinds his
teeth and responds
[Music]
if Scarface loses his battle he will
lose his legacy
[Music]
time to strike
he targets the bachelor leader
[Music]
Scarface has won and he returns to a
hero's welcome
[Music]